Introduce automatic gradient accumulation wrapper + fix a few test issues (#484)
huggingface/accelerate: docs/source/accelerator.mdx

- Use [`~Accelerator.clip_grad_norm_`] instead of `torch.nn.utils.clip_grad_norm_` and
  [`~Accelerator.clip_grad_value_`] instead of `torch.nn.utils.clip_grad_value_`.

To perform gradient accumulation use [`~Accelerator.accumulate`] and specify a `gradient_accumulation_steps`. 

> This will also automatically ensure the gradients are synced or unsynced when on multi-node, check if the step should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will also automatically ensure the gradients are synced or unsynced when on multi-device training, check if the step should
```

actually be performed, and auto-scale the loss:

```python
accelerator = Accelerator(gradient_accumulation_steps=2)

for (input, label) in enumerate(training_dataloader):
    with accelerator.accumulate(model):
        predictions = model(input)
        loss = loss_function(predictions, labels)
        accelerator.backward(loss)
        optimizer.step()
        scheduler.step()
        optimizer.zero_grad()
```

> **Note**: Using this with `dispatch_batches=True` is currently not supported.

Reviewer: Use the proper syntax for a warning here
```suggestion
<Tip warning={true}>

Using this with `dispatch_batches=True`  (which is the default for iterable datasets) is currently not supported.

</Tip>
```
